Update Matrix.org-SDKs Documentation (#2080)
matrix-org/matrix.org: content/ecosystem/sdks/index.md

bots, bridges). Don't be surprised if a same SDK appears in several sections!

If you are a developer and are not sure what the difference between clients and

> appservices, please head to [the developers documentation](/docs/chat_basics/matrix-for-im/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
appservices, please head to [the developers documentation](/docs/matrix-concepts/).
```

I believe this is the most appropriate doc

Author: Done @thibaultamartin
